Update examples to eliminate 'required' (#17584)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/attributes/aria-required/index.md

The attribute should be added to the form-control role. If the user needs to fill in an email address [`textbox`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/textbox_role), include `aria-required="true"` on the textbox.

```html
<div id="tbLabel">Email Address *</>
<div role="textbox" contenteditable aria-labelledby="tblabel" aria-required="true" id="email1"></div>
```

> > **Note:** A `required` attribute is unnecessary if a field already includes it in the label. Doing so results in screen readers reading the term `required` twice. 

Reviewer: This note refers to the `required` attribute, but in the example only a `aria-required` attribute is used. I also found the description a little hard to understand at first and tried to rewrite it a little to make it clearer.

What do you think of: 

```suggestion
 > **Note:** If the field's label already contains the word “required”, it is recommended to leave out the `aria-required` attribute. This avoids that screenreaders read out the term “required” twice. 
```
